Kneel down quickly when you see Master Jiang
Why are you afraid?
If you are afraid, kneel and kowtow
Maybe Master Jiang can spare you
Yang Zhenhai, right?
Hey, don't dare to do anything, don't dare to do anything
Justice is a junk collector
What are you going to do with him?
Shut your stinky mouth
You fucking brat
Why are you hitting me?
I'll give you face if you don't waste your feet. Zhang Zhenhai
Shen Jiang's account
What is it?
When I was little
What about the little battle to the death?
Immediately thaw the war of the Shen family for me
Immediately
Don't move, don't move
Look for it, hurry up, yes, yes, yes.
Hey that
Has our account been unblocked?
Ah, it's solved, right? Oops.
Okay, thank you, Master Jiang, thank you, Master Jiang, no
That's what I did in itself, right, hahaha.
Jiao Junkai
I heard there's a top private auction in Yunju
You did it.
Yes, yes, the dazzling boy is not talented
Thanks to the great love from all walks of life in Yunzhou City
This is the invitation to the auction
Hope you again.
Hahaha Eno
He's just a stinky trash picker
How could he participate in such a
An auction where all the rights are gathered?
If Mr. S is not eligible
No one in the whole of China is qualified to go
Let me shut your mouth!
Say one more damn word
I will cripple you now